Did you and Mr. Wilson have a fight recently?
He's been very down and he specifically said he doesn't want to.
No, no, I...
Can you please just talk to him for me?
Okay, I have something really important.
I need to tell him.
Okay, I'll, I'll go ask for you.
Mr. Wilson.
There's a senior management meeting in an hour.
Here are the materials.
She'll leave her right here.
I'll look at it later.
Mr. Wilson, Sarah White is waiting at the country entrance.
She's saying she wants to see.
You ask her to leave?
Mr. Wilson.
You sure you don't want to meet with Miss White?
Maybe she has something very important to discuss with you.
She's very vulnerable right now.
Her mother passed away when she was six and her dad remarried within a week.
The White Hotel was founded by her mother.
I hear the preparing for bankruptcy financing and restructuring.
Miss White must not be happy.
Bankruptcy restructuring?
Yes, I hear she's looking for group partnerships to save the hotel.
But it seems that the internal staff doesn't want her to save the hotel.
All those partnerships have been cancelled due to various issues.
Mr. Wilson, something's wrong with Sarah.
She's fated.